so hey guys I'm going to be unboxing a
new Nikon DSLR camera today I'm sorry
I'm moving all this stuff in my desk
they got it a day early this is my Bear
Grylls little pocket knife half
switchblade thing and let's start
opening it up I ordered it on B&H photo
video comment now
they're great great great great
electronics website they're based in New
York and yeah purses let's open this up
this first thing you see you get a order
list the chip account which includes the
Nikon d70 100 SLR camera with the 67
millimeter circular polarizer filter and
then a 32 gigabyte SanDisk SD card let's
put that to the side
next we have a world of bubble sorry you
can't see this movie camera up to the
world of bubble a little bit more bubble
up and you're going to see I'm going to
get the 32 gigabyte right sandesh card
right there and put that to this I'm
going to get your Tiffin circular
polarizer lens and then last in the box
go to the heaven best of them all you're
going to get a Nikon d70 100 SLR camera
with it with the 18 105 millimeter lens
it comes with it and let's get into that
so it's my knife we don't need the knife
this is just gonna open straight up
right here like this you know while your
warranty programs
all right here put that to the side
right here let's have our setup guides
in all languages and the next we're
gonna have all our handles all our big
giant rocks this is on the right side
box then you're going to have all the
adapters plugs for different countries
the batteries and your wall adapters
let's put that to the side we got it and
we're going to get get the body which is
actually the most important part
the body right here come in bubble
wrapping for plastics and showing the
descending touch here is the Nikon d70
100 right you're looking at the or
actually you're looking at Nikon d70 100
there's a lot of nice nice features
really nice features stereo speakers
front yeah that's a really really nice
camera let's put that to the side for a
minute all right behind the box and the
last thing in the Box is going to be a
white boxer so let's move all the stuff
to the side of all that boxing material
you can still see and we're going to
open this I believe that this has to be
the lens that I bought for camera not a
big problem so here are the the lens
extenders I believe they're called if
not excuse me I'm probably wrong
those are just access to the lens in
here here's another piece of cardboard
yes put that aside and here comes the
lens itself the lens itself is in 1805
millimeter lens
you